Video Link for the Assignment -> https://youtu.be/MBcAZU0Owio

Documentation:
1. I have used ROS 2 Humble in Ubuntu 22.04 for this Assignment
2. I have downloaded turtlebot3 packages for ROS 2 Humble
3. Then I have exported an environment variable TURTLEBOT3_MODEL=burger in my .bashrc file
4. I have also shifted from the default DDS of ROS 2 Humble to Cyclonedds so that I don't face any problem regarding the opening of Gazebo, RViz, loading of map, and nav2 server by providing the Environment variable in the ./bashrc file, which is       RMW_IMPLEMENTATION=rmw_cyclonedds_cpp
5. I have used the turtlebot3 burger model for my simulation due to some errors with other models while navigating
6. This project used the turtlebot3_world package to launch the Gazebo simulation environment to complete the task, which can also be opened individually via this command: ros2 launch turtlebot3_gazebo turtlebot3_world.launch.py
7. Then I used the turtlebot3_cartographer package to build a map of the Gazebo Environment. This package contains SLAM features for turtlebot3. command: ros2 launch turtlebot3_cartographer cartographer.launch.py use_sim_time:=true
8. Then I opened a focused terminal to run the turtlebot3_teleop package teleop_keyboard node via this command: ros2 run turtlebot3_teleop teleop_keyboard
9. The teleop_keyboard node helped in controlling the turtlebot3 movements and also in the generation of the map.
10. After seeing the proper map of the environment in RViz2, I used the nav2_map_server package map_saver_cli node to save the map via this command: ros2 run nav2_map_server map_server_cli -f maps/my_map.yaml
11. After saving the map, I used the GIMP application to edit the map
12. I also used the default turtlebot3_navigation2 launch file to bring up the RVIZ 2 and Navigation2 stack for the turtlebot3 via this command: ros2 launch turtlebot3_navigation2 navigation2.launch.py use_sim_time:=true map:=/path/map/my_map.yaml
13. I create a navigate_turtlebot3.py node to send nav2 goals and waypoints to the TURTLEBOT3
14. To do this, I used ros-humble-nav2-simple-commander packages, which give us API's to communicate with the Nav2 Stack
15. I also needed ros-humble-tf-transformations to convert Euler angles to quaternions, as ROS 2 accepts angles in terms of quaternions
16. In the navigate_turtlebot3.py node, I have also declared some parameters that can be used to customise the navigation of the Turtlebot via set_initial_pose:=true/false (true if we need to initialise the pose, else false),                             set_goal_pose:=true/false (true if we want to give 1st nav2 goal by ourself, false if not) x:=0.0 y:0.0 w:=0.0 (0.0 if set_goal_pose if set to false, else value of your choice but within the boundation of turtlebot3 navigation environment)
    follow_waypoints:=true/false (true if you wish turtlebot3 to follow the hardcoded waypoints in the file, else false)
17. There is also a launch file named turtlebot3_bringup.launch.xml in the turtlebot_bringup package under the sapien_robotics workspace
18. This launch file has 3 tasks.
    a. First, it will launch the turtlebot3_navigation2 package navigation2.launch.py launch file with 3 arguments: use_sim_time:=true, map:=$(find-pkg-share turtlebot_bringup)/maps/my_map.yaml, autostart:=true
    b. Second, it will launch the turtlebot3_world package turtlebot3_world.launch.py launch file with a time delay of 5 seconds
    c. Third, it will launch the turtlebot_bringup package turtlebot_bringup.launch.py launch file with a time delay of 15 seconds with 3 parameters: set_initial_pose:=true/false, set_goal_pose:=true/false, x:=0.0, y:0.0, w:=0.0,                            follow_waypoints:=true/false
19. To launch the assignment, you can use this command: ros2 launch turtlebot_bringup turtleblt3_bringup.launch.xml set_initial_pose:=true set_goal_pose:=true x:=3.7 y:=1.5 w:=-3.14 follow_waypoints:=true
20. To launch only the navigator node, you can use this command: ros2 run sapien_robotics navigate_turtlebot3.py --ros-args -p set_initial_pose:=true -p set_goal_pose:=true -p x:=3.7 -p y:=1.5 -p w:=-3.14 -p follow_waypoints:=true

Challenges Faced:
1. The map generated by the SLAM had some issues highlighting the obstacles. So I used the GIMP application to highlight the obstacles with black pixels properly
2. When using the other versions of Turtlebot3 linke waffle, waffle_pi. The nav2 was getting stuck most of the time because of the higher global and local costmaps resolution due to the Bot's width. So, we need to settle on the Burger version
3. Reducing the local and global costmaps inflation_radius and robot radius was causing bots to crash into the obstacles most of the time while going for a turn.
4. Sometimes, Nav2 was having difficulty navigating shorter distances, which required lots of rotations, resulting in this error being very frequent, even with the Burger version. As a simple fix, I had to define the nav2 goal distance broadly
5. After placing the Obstacles in run time and closer to the bot, it resulted in the stopping of the bot entirely, even after the global planner generated the new path
6. Maybe all of the above 3 errors were caused by the result of crossing the boundations of the Turtlebots' navigation ( the extra space padding it needed to rotate without crossing the high cost resolution of the map, or something like this)
7. Putting together the launch file where I was opening turtlebot3_gazebo turtlebot3_world.launch.py and turtlebot3_navigation2 navigation2.launch.py use_sim_time:=true map:=/path/map/my_map.yaml was causing the issue of not loading the global and    local costmap, even the nav2 goal send was not working. Didn't understand the issue, but fixed it.
8. I First launching the turtlebot3_navigation2 navigation2.launch.py use_sim_time:=true map:=/path/map/my_map.yaml and then after 5 seconds launching      turtlebot3_gazebo turtlebot3_world.launch.py and then after 15 seconds launching the node sapien_robotics navigate_turtlebot3.py --ros-args -p set_initial_pose:=true -p set_goal_pose:=true -p x:=3.7 -p y:=1.5 -p w:=-3.14 -p follow_waypoints:=true
9. The above technique resolved the issue. 7
